Case closed, nothing ever happened.

































Included in backups for historical integrity under bylaw #2403.



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Welcome to the archives. It's good/absolutely terrible get the hell out to see you here.
Please note: This can be wrong. Half of it is guesswork because we weren't going through and checking every single thing in every one.
This is more or less the history of the Ama(michi).

20. this isn't even a real release you cuck i have work to do

19. I have too much power.

18. A lot of shit went down with <FAC, and what I'm trying to do now will require me to fix all of the text in the game. I don't want to do that over and over.

17. <MIM happened, and I'm about to completely reorganize the flag list. It's gonna be shitty

16. Ok

15. I think there was a really big divide by 0 error that was kind of important, also working on tilesets and general art and sprites

14. MUSHROOM KID THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT

13. I did a lot of stuff and didn't really feel like losing it and I panick'd

12. Sorry about this one but I basically made everything explode and it wasn't pretty but it's fixed now so cool

11. Seriously what is that thing that you did Dunc

10. WATER IS NOT YOUR FRIEND
YOU
CANNOT
DOUBLE JUMP
IN WATER

9: Here comes the Dunc. I finally convinced sold to get dropbox, and made this happen. 8-9 was by far the most PROGRESS made between backups, and we want to keep it that way. Most notably, this release marks the addition of the DoConfig fix, making DoConfig display nothing about weapons and default to a far better font than Courier New, included in the folder.

8: SOLD I TOLD YOU WE ARE NOT TALKING ABOUT BACKUP #8

7: Almost the same as 6, but without the karma fuckup. Now saying you like night does not make you as evil as killing Mushroom Kid.

6: CATS

5: First appearance of Rikei, possibly the only character in the entire mod who you cannot kill.

4: Fixed the backgrounds.

3: Broke the backgrounds, added entity to show (possibly) the ending.

2: Same for this one, everyone knows how this one went.

1: Pretty much what the title says.